I think you are with that Xie Sui
What nonsense are you spouting?
How could I possibly be with Xie Sui?
Well, so far
It's no use blaming anyone
It's urgent.
To find out the origin of that evil sin
Otherwise, more people will give life to you.
Boss Feng, your surname is also Feng
Is it also related to this Fengmen Village?
Hey
Tell the truth
My ancestral home
He is indeed from Fengmen Village
I also have a certain understanding of the curse of Fengmen Village
So I planned this paranormal live broadcast.
But I don't know
The world will look like this
Hey, boss Fang
You just said the curse of Fengmen Village
What's going on?
That was over 30 years ago
I have also heard from my elders
Over 30 years ago
A woman named Xu Pingyan
Sold to our village
How many times did she run away?
Both were captured by her husband
He put her in chains.
Locked on the leg of the bed
One year later.
Xu Bingyan gave birth to a boy
Named Fengjiashu
Xu Bingyan, you said that woman's name was Xu Bingyan